hi everyone I just want to make a quick
mention that I recorded the next several
episodes prior to Quanah virus pandemic
I know that it's a tough time for all of
us I do hope that you'll find time to
relax and hopefully get a sense of
normality by watching my weekly episodes
and in the meantime be safe and stay
healthy
hello welcome to another episode of b2b
marketing with Pam yay so glad that you
are watching this specific episode I
want to talk about something very
interesting right
artificial intelligence yeah that's it
but we cover three categories why is the
definition of AIS and the what is
machine learning okay that's one and the
second one is I want to talk about a day
with AI from b2b marketers perspective
and third is three use cases that give
you some thoughts in terms of how you
can apply AI to your jobs are you ready
let's do this the first one is the
definition of AI if you look at
Wikipedia the definition of AI is
intelligence exhibited by machine that
sounds great
right but Wikipedia is not b2b marketer
if we actually write a statement or a
definition we need to actually have a
code to action and also specific product
benefits associated with it so here I
turn the Wikipedia's definition into a
very b2b marketing like definition well
the artificial intelligence is
intelligence exhibited by machines to
enable decision making predict outcomes
or improve efficiency the next things I
want to talk about is machine learning
so back in about early 2000s and the
artificial intelligence take a dramatic
turn
literally 180 degrees and the smart
computer nerds
I call them scientist actually was like
hey you know what if we want the machine
to think and act like humans why don't
we teach them to learn how do we learn
as human we learn by reading you know
observing and recognizing stuff right
and these computer scientists like yeah
we can write some sort of program
general rules and they algorithm so the
computer can learn from themselves
sounds great right but how can we help
them learn well you know what we learn
by reading watching tons of stuff well
for machines can we feed them huge
amount of data so they can start
recognizing patterns or an object and
for example Chihuahuas versus blueberry
muffins seriously there's such a
resemblance between these two hmm I
never realized that so when you feed
them enough pictures about Chihuahuas
from multiple different angles and many
different swallows and you feed enough
data about blueberry muffins and also
from different angles you know what
machines start recognizing them and they
actually can achieve to CERN mom
accuracy rate is that a pretty amazing
if they can start differentiate
Chihuahuas and the blueberry muffins
maybe they can start recognize our faces
facial recognition well if they can tell
a differences between a neon lights and
the traffic light you know why maybe
they can drive a car autonomous driving
oh what if we can teach them to actually
learn the sentiment of a specific words
or the construct of the sentences maybe
they can tell us the intent and also the
preferences of a specific prospect all
the sudden the sky is the limit right in
terms of what artificial intelligence
can do for us yay so with that being
said what I really want to share with
you I created a beautiful slide to show
you a day with AI from b2b marketers
perspective in terms of what you can
think about a
I can do for b2b marketers for things we
can talk about is content creation as a
beautifully marketers what do we do a
lot we create content to explain our
products write our products tend to be
very complicated we have to explain them
so we can use Google search to find
optimal titles and a Google search
actually have AI built into it whenever
we type Google actually anticipate our
you know thinking and try to complete
the sentence on our behalf
that's artificial intelligence at work
right once you get you title we can use
AI to create content I'll show you a
specific example later and then you can
use AI to syndicate your content many
social media tools have ai or machine
algorithms built into it for example a
lot of time they will tell you in terms
of what is the optimal date and the time
that you should push out your content
guess what many of that kind of
recommendations actually is AI work once
you pushed out your content you can
actually use AI to sort prospect
inquiries before you pass that qualified
leads to humans I want to give you a
specific examples what you can do and
then of course after that you can use
automatic email to actually follow up
with them and put AI to work again you
can also use AI for customer support
mm-hmm I am not kidding you know what
I'm talking about
chat bots the next things that we can do
is maybe you can use AI for account
based marketing there is a platform
called Ellis a ly c e and if you go to
that platform and you enter a prospects
name if you want to send in a specific
type of gifts you enter the name and the
AI will crawl the social media profiles
of that specific person and give you a
recommendation chance of like you should
give that person as a gift all right
seriously I'm not kidding put AI to work
and of course you can use a ID to help
you or the salespeople to determine the
sentiment of their prospect you can
record a conversation with your
potential customers
you can ask the AI entrance of hey what
is that person's the sentiments are they
interesting buying or whatnot
the next thing is you can use AI to do a
full cast in terms of hey what is your
projected revenue will look like and
also what is the probability of the
deals that you will close and again that
you need to build some sort of models
and defeat the data into the models and
to determine what is the outcome that
you want to see or that the outcome the
a I will predict the next things I want
to share with you is using AI you know I
talked about using AI for the Legion and
the customer support and the the most
common example here is really chatbots
when you go to a website now today you
will see a little chat bots that very
happy to see you and usually you know
situated very nicely and comfortably on
the bottom of the right hand corner here
is a chat bot at work for Customer
Support and it's from a pork
I love the chat bar in your support site
and the choppa is so smart and when I
type something they will actually
anticipate what I type and that let me
show you I'm right here I clicked on
that chat bot and you can see and say
I'm data okay sounds good very happy to
meet you what do you have do you have a
questions you want to get some answers
you have a count problem I start typing
how to add milestones right and the one
I'm typing they're really trying to
anticipate my knees and they start
thinking oh you want to end milestone
great these are the categories related
to milestone and I click one which is at
milestones when I click on that you can
see that data started adding specific
instructions and steps what I can do to
add to my milestone okay and they are
doing it giving me a lot of instructions
and can be overwhelming right so I
scroll up to kind of read the specific
steps that data provided to me so I'm
looking into it is actually very very
good
because I was looking at specific step
and I follow directions and guess what I
did add the milestone successfully
that's assume I am NOT happy all right I
said can I talk to somebody please can I
talk to someone and the data was smart
enough to figure it out that I want to
talk to somebody and gave me three
options I can phone somebody I can chat
with somebody or I can email somebody
this is a great chat bot which is AI at
work beautifully right I love this Chapa
I love data so that's one example
another example I want to share with you
is content creation and the Washington
Post actually created a homegrown too
old a co-ed AI reporter or AI content
robot however you want to call it it's
in the name is Co heliograph is a
homegrown tool and the editor can
actually create narrative you know with
the keywords and also with a specific
outcome so if you actually write a
narrative with the keywords with a
different outcome and the key phrases
and then you hope the heliograph to a
trusted sources that they can actually
soar the information from different
places so they can identify the relevant
data and the width of key phrases key
words on the template along with the
sources that they will go crawl boom
they can create a first draft on your
behalf and they did that for the 2016
election they publish over 850 articles
that year and generated over 1/2 million
views of course they continued to
optimize their homegrown tool to make it
better I don't have the latest stats in
terms of how many articles are generated
by heliograph but you know they
definitely put heliograph in the good
news another tool I want to share with
you
it's narrative sciences AI base natural
language generation technology ok for
this specific platform they can actually
recognize a chart all right like this
specific chart is continuous pattern
over a period of time if you enter that
chart into their platform and you
basically say ok this pattern is
continuous boom
they can give you a paragraph
entrance of what that chart is about if
you really don't like it you know it's
kind of long how to read and you want to
be on below point you can click on the
bowl points boom will give you a ball
point it's basically using a is reading
the charts and create the first draft
for you so you can take it from there
it's not about replacing your job per se
really it's not at this point maybe in
the future that will CAI to marketers or
AI salespeople but at this point is
really to make your job easy they create
something you take over you edit it and
you run with it hopefully that will make
your job easier and then you can do more
with less
another example is I want to share with
you is using a I sort prospects
enquiries and then qualify them before
pass to humans
and at the same time while doing I you
can also use AI to automatically create
email as a follow-up so check out the
specific video what I want to show you
is one of my favorite conversations that
our AI sales assistant Rachel Brooks had
with a prospect I think it really
showcases the power and intelligence of
our technology here Rachel follows up
with Connie after stopping by our booth
at Dreamforce
in 2016 Rachel is smart enough to know
where that lead came from and refers to
it in her introduction then asked if she
would like more information rachel sole
purpose in life is to vet out the
interest level of a prospect and set up
a meeting with a sales rep rachel sends
a follow-up email you will notice that
the email has changed each email that
rachel sends out will dynamically change
from the subject at the body and the
question she asks marketers are going to
love the fact that they don't have to
create thousands of templates for the AI
nor are these plug-and-play templates
now I share the specific examples with
you right in terms of the content
creation the homegrown tool by the
Washington Post and a very very nice
chat bot examples for Legion and also
customer support the last exam
why share with you is basically AI sales
the systems that consistently follow up
with prospects until that prospect was
ready before they passed that to human
you know why I'm actually helped a
couple of my clients looking to their
workflows and also their Montague stack
to determine where that they can
actually use AI to help them and I'm
helping them in terms of doing some
research and also sourcing the tools and
looking to a different options and also
determine if they can actually pour
internal team together that look into
the AI initiative if this is something
that is in your interest reach out to me
as well love to actually work with you
remember brainstorming is free okay so
reach out to me anytime talk to you soon
bye bye